h2. Logging CouchDB

* by Tim Pease
* http://github.com/TwP/logging-couchdb/tree/master

h3. Description

Brings together CouchDB with the Log4(X) style logging frameworks. The goal is
to collect log messages from most any application and display those messages in
a convenient web interface. Some nice plots and summary data is provided.

h3. Features

There are two components included with the logging-couchdb package. The first
is a language specific appender that formats and posts log events to a CouchDB
instance. The second is a _couchapp_ for viewing log messages stored in the
CouchDB instance. A _couchapp_ is a web application that is stored in and served
from a CouchDB instance. These two components work together to allow you to
collect log messages and view them in a single location.

Log event appenders are provided for the following programming languages:

* Ruby via the *Logging* framework
* Java via the *Log4r* framework (in progress)

Contributions for other languages are welcome.

h3. Installation

First, you will need to "install":http://wiki.apache.org/couchdb/Installation
CouchDB and get it running.

Next, you will need to install
"couchapp":http://github.com/jchris/couchapp/tree/master. This is a collection
of Python scripts that simplify the process of developing and deploying a
couchapp to a CouchDB instance. This tool will be used to deploy the
logging-couchdb couchapp to your CouchDB instance.

Finally, you will need to install the appender for your chosen language. Each
appender provides documentation on how to configure and use the appender in
your own software.

It is highly recommended that you deploy the logging-couchdb couchapp before
attempting to use any appender to log to your CouchDB instance.

h4. License

_The MIT License_

Copyright (c) 2009

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sub-license, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
